What a dick.
I keep saying, let's sell our own fish.
They tried it down the Cape.
That all went to hell.
So keep bitching. That'll work.
I got to go. Love you, Dad.
Don't forget about the doctor.
And the nets.
I know.
Bye, shit-face.
Bye, twat waffle.
What's wrong?
Turn it down!
It's loud!
You didn't change after fishing.
You stink.
I love rap music.
My whole ass is vibrating.
Just drive!
It's definitely itchy as hell.
My nuts are on fire.
They're like angry hard little beets.
Covered in barnacles.
I got it!
And your mother's got it even worse.
Like a boiled lobster claw.
You guys have jock itch.
You two need clean underwear.
And...
you're not allowed to do it anymore.
What?
For how long?
Never again.
Done for life.
Two weeks.
-Impossible.
-Can't do it.
Take those off. It's rude.
I can't focus.
Go eat.
You know why God made farts smell?
So deaf people could enjoy them too.
Don't slouch. You'll get stuck.
Fifteen bucks, really?
You choose weed, I choose wine.
You don't want her! Swipe left.
None of them smile?
So? She's hot.
When I was modeling...
Yes! Your mother was the best!
First year I met her,
she won the Yankee Miss Pageant.
Beat all those hearing girls.
She was hotter than all of them.
What about her?
So-so.
I thought we said no Tinder at the table!
How is music rude but Tinder's okay?
Because Tinder is something
we can all do as a family.
The card was declined!
I'll move money around tomorrow.
It's embarrassing!
What do you want me to do?
I gotta pay for ice, fuel.
Maybe we should sell the boat?
And then what?
It's the one thing I know how to do!
-What's going on?
-I don't know.
$800 a day.
That's more than we make in a day!
Don't tell me. Tell them.
Hi!
Do you have a second to call Grandma?
Use the video relay.
It's awkward to talk to an interpreter.
Leave her alone. She's with a friend.
What's up with Gertie?
She just told me she has herpes.
Dad's out back.
Stop. I got this.
Ruby, get out of here. Out of here!
It's medical.
I don't think being deaf
makes it legal to spark a fatty.
What the hell was that?
I got the price up, didn't I?
I was handling it!
You made me look stupid.
No, you look stupid when Gio throws out
any number he wants
and you can't cross-check it!
Guys!
You want to fight,
go fight those assholes!
Our family sticks together.
I'd give my left nut to tell them
to go screw themselves.
So do it!
Who's gonna sell our fish?
Us!
I joined the choir.
Why?
I like to sing.
What?
You're a teenager.
If I was blind, would you want to paint?
We should do a co-op.
Look, there's empty warehouses everywhere.
We could organize a business.
Get the other boats on board.
How?
Who's gonna support us?
We're the deaf guys!
They look at us like we're a joke.
I'm gonna go with them.
You want me to text Ruby?
No.
I'm a grown man!
We need to discuss this.
We had no idea you were home.
The doctor said you're not even
supposed to have sex!
Look at your mother!
Hot!
How am I supposed to control myself?
Sit.
I want to know what your intentions are.
You two have to use condoms, okay?
Put a helmet on that soldier.
You guys are the worst!
Sorry.
You gotta interpret. I'm lost.
Like hell it is.
Double it?
I have no idea.
It sounded good though, right?
What?
It just came out.
I was in the moment.
How would that even work?
We get customers to sign up.
They buy fish right off the boat.
Do you know how much work that is?
There are so many steps!
I've looked into it.
There's no money for it.
You do our books.
You could work with the other wives.
Those hearing bitches
want nothing to do with me.
And you! You hate people!
We could finally be part
of this community.
We have our community.
Who?
Your deaf friends?
You see them once a month.
What's the problem? It's a great idea!
We can't talk to these people.
I can't fit all these in the car.
Where are you going?
I have my music practice.
You can't go.
What's this?
The news!
They're doing a story on the family!
Now?
I can't.
How are we gonna do the interview?
I can lip read.
You're not going to get all of it!
This is important.
Do it!
You want us to fail?
Basically, the fishermen are
at the mercy of the big guys.
The goal is to sell fish
directly to the people.
I want to go to college.
At Berklee.
Music school.
My teacher's been helping me
with my audition.
College? In Boston?
That city is full of assholes.
You can't go now.
We just started the business. With you!
That's all you care about?
Losing your free interpreter?
You're an important part of this.
It's terrible timing.
Nobody expects that from you.
I...
have been interpreting my whole life.
This is exhausting.
Singing is what I love.
It's everything.
Did you know about this?
We can't let her go.
It's college.
It's not.
It's music school.
And what if she can't sing?
Maybe she's awful.
She's not awful.
Really? Have you heard her?
I'm worried. What if she fails?
I'm tired.
I don't wanna talk anymore.
What do we do if she gets in?
Then she's gone.
Our baby's gone!
She's not a baby.
She's my baby!
She was never a baby.
Where is Ruby?
She's pissed.
Yeah, but today?
Is that the observer, seriously?
I should make her jump.
Should I throw her overboard?
What happened?
You didn't come to work.
We're done fishing.
They suspended my license.
Who?
Coasties.
The observer saw we were deaf
and tipped them off.
We were just working
and they came to board us. We didn't know.
You need a hearing deckhand.
Yeah, that's you!
You were that person!
She's right. We need another guy.
We can't afford it!
If you'd told me you weren't coming,
I'd have figured something out.
But you didn't.
You're seriously blaming me?
Your father was counting on you.
No. Don't put this on me.
It's not my fault.
We can't pay that unless
we can get back on the water.
I'll sell the boat.
Take the money we can. That'll be that.
It's fine.
I'll stay.
I'll work with you on the boat.
No!
Yes.
We can't afford to pay someone else.
And there's nobody that's
gonna know how to sign.
Are you sure?
School can wait.
I already decided.
I'm excited.
Oh, Saint Ruby!
We'll make a shrine to you on the boat.
Wait!
She's trying to help!
Well, thank God you have her.
Don't kill me.
I bought you a red dress for your concert.
If you don't like it,
you don't have to wear it.
I'm really glad you're staying.
Leo isn't.
It's complicated.
He feels...
left out.
That's crazy.
It's always the three of you
and then me.
I get it.
Do you ever wish I was deaf?
When you were born, at the hospital,
they gave you a hearing test.
And there you were, so tiny and sweet,
with these electrodes all over you.
And I...
prayed that you would be deaf.
When they told us
that you were hearing,
I felt...
My heart sank.
Why?
I was worried that we wouldn't connect.
Like me and my mom,
we're not close.
I thought I would fail you.
That being deaf would make me a bad mom.
Don't worry.
You are a bad mom
for so many other reasons.
I know I drive you crazy
with the clothes, the makeup.
But honestly,
I'm happy that you know who you are.
You're brave.
Not like me.
Get lost.
You hiding?
Not very well.
You still mad at me?
You can't fish full-time.
Why not?
Gertie told me
that you can really sing.
That's special.
You can't stay here.
They'll keep looking to you
for everything.
What else am I supposed to do?
Let me do this!
I got this!
I'm the older brother.
And I get treated like a baby.
I haven't been able to do a thing
with Fresh Catch!
Because it all involves
talking to hearing people!
So what? Who cares!
You're so afraid that we'd look stupid.
Let them figure out how to deal
with deaf people!
We're not helpless.
Our family was fine before you were born.
Go.
Ruby.
Can you read his lips?
Not really.
They laughed.
Ruby looks beautiful.
You have good taste.
I like how her red dress
matches the curtains.
She's good.
-She's good.
-No idea.
-No, she said.
-Oh!
What's wrong?
My buttons are off.
What do you want for dinner?
-Spaghetti.
-I'll have to go to the grocery store.
First song done, second song done.
This is my teacher, Mr. V. And his family.
Nice to fuck you.
It's fine. I get it.
Nice to screw you too.
What is he saying?
I'm gonna get some air.
Okay.
What's up?
Just thinking.
The stars here,
they don't look as good as
they do on the water.
The song you sang tonight.
What was it about?
It was about...
what it is to need another person.
Can you sing it for me?
Now?
Please.
Louder. More!
Are we fishing?
No.
If we're kicking you out,
we're all doing it as a family.
Maybe over there?
I'm gonna park.
Look how they're dressed.
It's so different.
It's fine. You look pretty.
What did she say?
You can't go in.
Let's go upstairs.
You sure you don't want us to come?
We can help set up your dorm room?
Bye-bye, ass monkey.
Bye, shit nugget.